The poison on this king comes from the palace
emperor
Brother, I don't know where I learned that you helped this king cure the poison
This time, I'm afraid I'm deliberately looking for an excuse to test you
Even if there is no detoxification
Just for the prince
I'm afraid the emperor will follow me too
So
The king has saved you again
How is Miss Jiang going to thank this king?
I'll give you a few more glasses of fairy water
But I can only give you one copy per month.
In your eyes
This king worked tirelessly to enter the palace to save you
Just for these cups of fairy tombs
Forget it, we'll talk about the thank you gift later
Wait until you figure out how to repay this king
And so forth.
Thank you can talk about it later
You promised to help this king detoxify before
Why don't you do it in advance today?
Let's go
Prince, take off your clothes
What is the prince doing?
You didn't give up your seat
I mean let you take off your shirt and walk into the hot spring
I didn't let you take it all off
Please turn your back on me
Alright lord
Drink this water
Please ask the prince and the inner body workers to assist in detoxification